Let's get a quick reminder on some different aspects of these listeners.
The first thing we're going to focus on is the Q Group name.
Let's take a look at a quick diagram.
Okay.
So in this diagram, we've got some publisher up here on the top left hand side that's going to eventually
publish an event of ticket.
Created.
On the right hand side is our net streaming server and we're listening inside of our two instances of
the order service to some channel called Ticket Created.
When these two order services connected to this channel and created a subscription, they joined a group
called Orders Service.
By being a member of this group, that ensures that any time any event comes into this channel, this
event is only going to be sent to one of the members inside this group.
So the entire idea behind this was to make sure that we did not have our different services all independently
processing the same copy of this event at the same time.
So instead, the Q group makes sure that this event is only going to be sent to either order service
a or order service be.
The only requirement of the Q group identifier right here is that it is unique for all the different
services that are going to create subscriptions inside this channel, number one.
And number two, it must stay consistent over time.
So we should not try to randomly generate a group name or anything like that.
Now the Q group name is one of those little variables or properties right here that's really easy to
make a typo on.
So at some point in time, we're going to create another listener inside of our app.
Let's imagine that it's some other listener inside of some other file.
And when we did so, we would have to define this group name another time or a second time.
It would be really easy for us to accidentally make a little typo here.
Maybe we call it order service.
Or maybe we call it order service without a dash.
Or maybe we do a slash instead or a colon or whatever else.
And so usually, rather than defining the group name as a string directly inside the listener, we might
be a little bit better off if we define the string somewhere else inside of a project just one time,
and then import that value into our project or into this listener file.
So let's try that out right now.
Let's declare a cougar name in a separate file and then import it into this file again just so we avoid
making any typos.
Inside my listeners directory that we just created.
I'm going to make a new file of Q.
Group name?
Yes.
Then inside there, I'm going to export a concept of Q.
Group name.
And I'll hardcoded the value to orders service.
Save this file.
Pull it back over to our listener.
At the very top, I'm going to import you a group name.
From Cue group name.
And now I'll reference that variable right there instead of this hard coded string.
So Q group name.
Okay.
So again, just avoiding little typos.
So let's get a quick reminder now about this data property coming to on message.
So remember we had said that we're going to create an interface to describe all the different events
that are going to be flowing throughout our application.
In this case, that interface we had created was the ticket created event interface.
We could do a command click on ticket created event anywhere inside this file or a control click if
you're on Windows.
And it should.
Take us to the definition of that interface.
So all of our event interfaces had the subject property and the data property and data was describing
the different pieces of data that was going to be contained inside this event.
So to make sure that we applied some type checking on the data flowing into this on message function,
we reference the event type interface and then we're saying off that interface, take a look at the
data property.
And that's going to be the type of this data argument right here.
Then finally, last little reminder is this message argument as a second argument.
So what is the message?
Remember, this is an object coming from the node net streaming library.
The message thing is something that tells us about the underlying data coming from the node at streaming
server.
But most importantly for you and I, absolute bar none.
Most important thing about it, if we do a command click on message and go to the type definition,
you might recall this thing has a method.
Of EQ, and that was what you and I really, really cared about.
We call EQ when we have successfully processed a message or an event and that is a signal to node that
streaming server that we have processed this event and it does not have to worry about trying to send
it off to another copy of our service again.
So after we successfully process an event inside of our different listeners, we're always going to
finish up by calling EQ.
Now the keyword here is successfully processed, or I guess the keywords successfully processed.
Only when we successfully process an event do we call EQ.
Otherwise, if there's some kind of error or something like that, we usually will not be calling EQ
because an error will usually indicate that we want to try to reprocess this event again.
And we would do that by just not calling EQ.
That would cause our event to time out after a couple of seconds and that streaming server is going
to try to take that event and send it off to another copy of our Service for Reprocessing.
All right.
So hopefully that gives you a really good reminder on what's going on inside of our listeners.
Again, we're going to be writing out the same exact code again and again and again moving forward for
all these different listeners.
So just really important that you keep the definitions of all these different things in mind.
All right.
Sounds good.
So let's now take a quick pause.
We're going to start to implement the body of our on message function in the next video.